DOCS-503: system.stack_trace (#13010)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/system-tables/stack_trace.md

# system.stack_trace {#system-tables_stack_trace}

Contains stack traces of all server threads. Allows developers to introspect the server state.

> To analyze logs, use the `addressToLine`, `addressToSymbol` and `demangle` [introspection functions](../../sql-reference/functions/introspection.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To analyze stack frames, use the `addressToLine`, `addressToSymbol` and `demangle` [introspection functions](../../sql-reference/functions/introspection.md).
```

res:       /lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libc-2.27.so
/build/obj-x86_64-linux-gnu/../src/Storages/System/StorageSystemStackTrace.cpp:182
/build/obj-x86_64-linux-gnu/../contrib/libcxx/include/vector:656
/build/obj-x86_64-linux-gnu/../src/Interpreters/InterpreterSelectQuery.cpp:1338
/build/obj-x86_64-linux-gnu/../src/Interpreters/InterpreterSelectQuery.cpp:751
/build/obj-x86_64-linux-gnu/../contrib/libcxx/include/optional:224
/build/obj-x86_64-linux-gnu/../src/Interpreters/InterpreterSelectWithUnionQuery.cpp:192
/build/obj-x86_64-linux-gnu/../src/Interpreters/executeQuery.cpp:384
/build/obj-x86_64-linux-gnu/../src/Interpreters/executeQuery.cpp:643
/build/obj-x86_64-linux-gnu/../src/Server/TCPHandler.cpp:251
/build/obj-x86_64-linux-gnu/../src/Server/TCPHandler.cpp:1197
/build/obj-x86_64-linux-gnu/../contrib/poco/Net/src/TCPServerConnection.cpp:57
/build/obj-x86_64-linux-gnu/../contrib/libcxx/include/atomic:856
/build/obj-x86_64-linux-gnu/../contrib/poco/Foundation/include/Poco/Mutex_POSIX.h:59
/build/obj-x86_64-linux-gnu/../contrib/poco/Foundation/include/Poco/AutoPtr.h:223
/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libpthread-2.27.so
/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libc-2.27.so
```

**See Also**

> -   [Introspection Functions](../../sql-reference/functions/introspection.md) — What introspection functions are and how to use them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [Introspection Functions](../../sql-reference/functions/introspection.md) — Which introspection functions are available and how to use them.
```
